Testing Scenarios:
------------------

 1.	GIVEN recipe details
	WHEN I create a recipe with an invalid token
	THEN I receive 403 Forbidden error with message - Invalid/Expired token

 2.	GIVEN recipe details
	WHEN I create a recipe with a valid token and valid recipe details
	THEN the recipe is created with response status 201 and message - recipe created with recipe Id: 1 [Id of recipe]

 3.	GIVEN recipe details
	WHEN I create a recipe with a valid token and invalid recipe details
	THEN I receive 400 Bad Request error with message - Invalid request

 4.	GIVEN a recipe Id
	WHEN I get a recipe detail with a valid token and correct recipe Id
	THEN I receive correct recipe details with status code 200
	
 5.	GIVEN a recipe Id
	WHEN I get a recipe detail with a valid token and incorrect recipe Id
	THEN I receive 404 Not Found error with message - Recipe not found!

 6.	GIVEN recipe details
	WHEN I update a recipe with a valid token and valid recipe details
	THEN the recipe is updated with response status 200 and message - recipe updated with recipe Id: 1

 7.	GIVEN recipe details
	WHEN I update a recipe with a valid token and invalid recipe details
	THEN I receive 400 Bad Request error with message - Invalid request

 8.	GIVEN a recipe Id
	WHEN I delete a recipe with a valid token and correct recipe Id
	THEN the recipe is deleted with response status 200 and message - recipe deleted with recipe Id: 2
	
 9.	GIVEN a recipe Id
	WHEN I delete a recipe with a valid token and incorrect recipe Id
	THEN I receive 404 Not Found error with message - Recipe not found!

10. GIVEN mulitple recipes are created
	WHEN I get all recipes with a valid token
	THEN I receive all recipe details with status 200

11. GIVEN one recipe is created
	WHEN I get all recipes with a valid token
	THEN I receive one recipe detail with status 200

12. GIVEN no recipes are created
	WHEN I get all recipes with a valid token
	THEN I receive 404 Not Found error with message - Recipe not found!
